Vote Date - must have
Location - should have
Finance - must have
Transport - must have
Playlist - not have
no. participants > capacity - not have
party items - could have
room alocation - should have


Must Have:
Vote Date
Finance
Transport

Should have: [monetized]
Location
room alocation

Could have:
party items


Diagnostic phase
Rapid prototyping
User testing

Based on that we do:
We go back and review what works and what doesn'testing
And then propose a final model we prototype one more time
We do a fnal test and then we go and build

After this is going to go dark for a while client
And then what we're going to do is we're going to have 2 checking points
Then you'll have an opportunity to do final proffing, copy check and make sure everything works
And we're going to deliver it, but the project is not done.. we've just delivered it
Then we're going to stick around for 3 months to do quality assurance (Q&A) - because something inevitably breaks
After that you might want to sign up for maintenance

FOCUS ON 1 CLIENT!!!
who are they and what sector are they in?
do they have the capacity to pay you?
are they hungry for a solution?
do they experienced enough pain points that it's going to move them from a state of inaction to action?

PAIN that they can experience is not on one dimension, is multi-dimensional:
-personal
-profesional
-emotional
-financial
So the more pain they are going to experience in different dimensions, the more they're going to seek a solution for this.

CAPACITY to PAY
Fresh Supply of new clients all the time

Example:
You might do something beautiful like editorial design for magazines and newspapers and they want the solution.
But the problem is that industry is going down.

So the capacity to pay.. Ok they want it, sort of.. but they are losing ad revenue because every magazine you read is more thiner and thiner.
There almost no ads in them anymore.
Is that there is not a fresh supply of new clients. And that's the PROBLEM.
End of Example.

When the person who pays is not the person that needs it there is an amazing market there.
So when the person who whips up the credit card or who signs a check is not the person who receives it, it's much easier to sell to.




DAYLY BASIS TASKS: 
-> Creates: 
- FRICTION -> solution
- FRUSTRATES -> solution
- CHALLENGE -> solution

Noteaza tot ce faci intr-o zi si gaseste orice iti creaza probleme/te enerveaza/te ingreuneaza/ iti creaza o provocare.
Si vino cu idei despre cum sa le rezolvi.


CREDIT CARD:
- OVERPAID
- UNDERDELIVERED

Look on your credit card bill. Is going to itemize everything that you're spending money on.
Anything that you think you overpaid that underd delivered that's an opportunity for you to do better.


AVOIDANCE:
- DOING
- OUTCOME

What are the things you're trying to avoid doing?
What kind of negative outcomes you're trying to avoid?


Ask AI:
This is who I'm trying to target [someone in a domain]. They're established funded and they're either launching [this] or rebranding [something].
They are doing [50 million dollar] anually plus. They are in the [country].
I want you to create a typical day and give me what they're doing morning to night.
Detailed list please.
